needless to say whomever told me this , is a genius .
My parents told me a horror story about their friends ' wedding photographer , who insisted on always getting the shot he wanted .
Customer service told me " nothing was rescheduled"
The woman told me that her manager said yes they have the calls recorded , but he will not listen to them , and that she was ' proceeding to cancel this call ' ..
We arrived at 6 pm and the employees told us the order was n't ready .
She then decided that the only thing to do was be rude to me.
the lines may be long at times
The store was clean and well organized
I still believe he did n't want to help to sit us together and used poor judgement setting up the tables
It took the one and only waitress at least 1 hour to serve our food.
My phone screen was replaced in 30 minutes and looks great.
All the instructors are friendly and helpful. 
The staff is always friendly and they make you feel comfortable even when you're getting uncomfortable work done.
Perfect little spot with healthy options and everything was so delicious.
Super quick food lines and attentive employees.
Staff is nice and would help to fulfill your requests.
I did end up finding the perfect doll.
I love their location in LA and was hoping to get the great service I usually get when I shop over there.
The server (Scottie) I think was trying to hard to be funny and came across as rude and careless in my opinion.
the interior is clean and has an almost perfect health rating
The manager and staff were friendly, which is always a nice bonus.
Today we waited over ten minutes behind one car in the drive thru for their single order
Fabulous service and awesome food
The wait staff is attentive and knowledge
I am not from the area, and parking is tough
The only problem we really had was the ladies at the front office were sorta rude and looked annoyed at us.
This man is unstable and incompetent as a manager
Environment is very open, clean and comfortable.
There's nothing striking about the environment or decor here, but do not leave without trying the dried, sautéed green beans
I sat outdoors and enjoyed the nice string lighting and music that was playing
The food quality is average and their service is slower than slow
There was a nice beer and cocktail list to choose from as well. 
Service was awful, bathrooms were filthy and Wellesley's stupid blue law about requiring every patron to order food while drinking is absurb.
