This particular location has a good check in deal.
some of the items they sale here are a bit over priced but if you don't mind paying a bit extra this is the place to go. 
They have some great offers going on now with even 70% off on some items.
Prices vary so you have to shop around, but every once in a while you can find a really awesome deal.
Too many other places to shop with better prices.
Prices were reasonable and mission accomplished!
disappointed in the fact they don't tell you the price
50$ for buffet and mind you i only ate crab legs
Unbelievable, it was me & my mother so it was a total of 100$ i could have gone to red lobster and ate better quality of food.
A little expensive but I'll definitely be back time and time again
When we were about to pay , the server handed us a bill and I reminded her that we were using the 1/2 off Scoutmob deal , so she took the bill back and came back with another that was pretty much the same except $ 8 difference ... REALLY ? ! ?
Only downside : three entrees served simultaneously but fourth ( beet/ goat cheese ravioli ) was 2 - 3 minutes later which allowed my accompaniments ( delicious creamy polenta ) to cool off to much .
My other dining companions seemed pleased with their food ( one ordered a veal marsala that I did not try and the other - my favorite - ordered off the menu , actually , a request they were kind enough to accommodate - it was gnocchi caprese with pesto sauce instead of tomato sauce , and it was gooeyyummydelicious ) !
This place is only worth your time if you are looking for discount designer jeans .
They have coupons discount for first second and third time customers through their website .
Me : Then why did you tell me they were on discount ?
Adult tickets are $ 13.50 but they have military discount .
And they let me apply the discount to both of our tickets .
I 've been using this Discount Tire location for many years and for my last 3 vehicles .
I love that for things you order regularly you can establish a standing order and get a 5 % discount ( milk , eggs , etc . ) .
Prices vary so you have to shop around, but every once in a while you can find a really awesome deal.
Too many other places to shop with better prices.
I was looking for golf shoes, and found some that felt good and fit well but had no price.
While he checked on the price (which seemed to take much more effort than it should have), I found the shoes on-line for almost half the price.
Some of the items they sale here are a bit over priced
The shoe was on special price so we got a good deal and bought the shoe as well!
Prices vary so you have to shop around, but every once in a while you can find a really awesome deal.
Too many other places to shop with better prices.
I was looking for golf shoes, and found some that felt good and fit well but had no price.
but they are more expensive than what I've paid in the past and what another shop charges
I purchased a Gibeon Meteorite and black zirconium wedding band from Rings Unique for approximately $1200.
For the amenities and $ paid, it's small.
I bought a Living Social deal $30 for $60 awhile back.
Prices here are very reasonable!
Only issue I have with this place is that they've raised their prices twice in the last year and now it's $2.10 for almost every plate which I think is very high for what you get
For the money we paid (over 80 $ for 1 appetizer, 2 dinners, 2 drinks) we could not eat much
Hence the food is way too pricey for what's offered
You get a much much larger portion for the same price at SFU (the bowl is over-flowing).
Rodney and his crew gave us a great price and did the work so quick, literally, it was done before we knew it
